Update privacy policy and terms of service for enterprise (#4)
gradebook/legal: privacy.md

Our ads keep Gradebook free for you to use. We work directly with local advertisers to ensure relevant advertising for you. These ads are randomly shown and no personal or activity information is used to determine which ads to show.

## How does my school use my data?

> If your school is a Gradebook partner, they will be able to see anonymized statistics for your school. Your schools' staff (e.g. academic advisors) can request access to see your grades, but you will have to explicitly grant it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your school or organization is a Gradebook partner, they will be able to see anonymized statistics for your school. Your schools' staff (e.g. academic advisors) can request access to view your account for a limited time period, which you will have to approve.
```
